Traps
Traps
More traps
Micro-dimension
Falling spike balls
Rigged tiles
Conscription


Title: Trap Master|
Subtitle: Deceptive Hunter|
Description: Trap Masters are a recent develop of the last 200 years, where throughout the civil turmoil, a class of deceptive and clever hunter has emerged.
Utilizing cleverly hidden and lethal traps, Trap Masters have as a class have been able to make a name for themselves in the world at large.
They are fearsome, in that any move made against them is a move against yourself. Their art utilizes behavioral psychology in order
to make the best possible scheme against you. Their arsenal ranges from mines to falling spike-balls, and everything in between.
<p>Typically, Trap Masters are a lonesome bunch. As a pre-requisite of their trade, they tend to live alone. Elsewise, if you have the cash
 and the necessity, Trap Masters make for wondrous security professionals; thus, it explains why you typically only see Trap Masters
 in the big city in the employment of noblemen and tycoons. As a rule of thumb, any land protected by a Trap Master is a dead man's land.</p>|

VITALS
Health: 30|
Mana: 15|
Stamina: 10|
Focus: 17|

SCORES
Initiative: 12|
Carry: 15u|
Element: Metal|

STATS
Melee: (Power: 3, Evasion: 8, Accuracy: 3)|
Magic: (Power: 3, Evasion: 8, Accuracy: 2)|
Skill: (Power: 4, Evasion: 10, Accuracy: 4)|

Abilities
Doctrine: Conjure Arena
Magic-Support-Action
Use: 7mgc+(1/battle)
Range: 0sp
Effect: Create an Arena prop and an Arena battlefield. The Arena prop is
cube-shaped, taking up the entire space it was created in. Combatants
that were in the space when it was created (including you) are considered
trapped inside and are moved to the Arena battlefield.
The Arena battlefield is a 3x3x3sp cubic rendering outside the actual battlefield.
The battlefield has only walls and no doors. The walls cannot take damage.
There are 9 platforms arranged in a 3x3 grid 1sp over the floor of the battlefield.
Movement actions from platform to platform require an Acrobatics 8 check.
Failing the check counts as falling down a bottomless pit.
You are placed in the center and the other combatants are placed on any platform at your discretion.
If you choose it, or are KO'd or killed then the Arena prop and Arena battlefield is destroyed and
the affected combatants return to the battlefield as before.|

A1: Rig Space
Skill-Defensive-Action
Use: 10AP+5fcs
Range: 1sp
Effect: Create a Bomb prop hidden beneath the surface of a space within range.
You cannot put more than one Bomb prop in a space at a given time.
Solowork: The Bomb prop's effect does not target allie combatants.
Bomb prop: Combatants that enter this prop's space must make a Luck 15 check,
whereupon failure this prop is destroyed and all combatants in the space
take (2){SklPwr} damage.|

A2: Oil Trap
Skill-Defensive-Action
Use: 5AP
Range: 2sp
Effect: Create an invisible Oil Trap prop within range.
Oil Trap prop: An enemy combatant entering into the space of this prop causes it to be destroyed
and create an Oil Spill prop.
Oil Spill prop: Checks made by enemy combatants this prop's space increase their
Critical Failure threshold by 4.|

A3: Slander
Skill-Defensive-Action
Use: 5AP
Range: 3sp
Teamwork: Increase the difficulty of the proceeding Skill check by TmWrk.
Evade: Skill
Effect: Disable Critical bonus until end of target's next turn.|

A4: Falling Anvil
Skill-Defensive-Action
Use: 10AP+5mna
Teamwork: Increase Range by 3sp.
Range: 0sp
Effect: Create an Anvil prop within range.
Anvil prop: If a combatant enters this prop's space, it is destroyed and
 the combatant makes a Skill self-check.
 Upon failure, they take (3){5TL} metal damage.|

A5: Spike Pit
Magic-Defensive-Action
Use: 10AP+5mna
Range: 1sp
IfKO: Reduce Range to 0sp.
Solowork: Increase the Rank of this ability by 1.
Effect: Create a Spike Pit marker on yourself.
Spike Pit token: If an enemy enters within range of this token's owner,
destroy the space below the enemy, creating a deep pit.
The offending enemy makes a Magic Evasion check, whereupon success
they move to the previous space, or otherwise they fall into the pit.
The pit requires an Acrobatics 10 check to make a Movement action out.
At the bottom of the pit is a Spike Trap prop.
Spike Trap prop: Combatants who land on this token take Bleeding (1){15TL}.|

A6: False Surrender
Skill-Defensive-Reaction
Trigger: You take damage from an enemy combatant.
Use: (3/battle)
Effect: Make a Luck 10 check. Upon success, the offending combatant
 cannot target you again until the start of your next turn.|

A7: Rig Exit
Magic-Defensive-Action
Use: 10AP+7mna
Range: 0sp
Effect: Create a Rigged Exit token on your combatant.
Rigged Exit token: When an enemy combatant attempts to move beyond 1sp
away from the token's owner, react by destroying this token,
canceling the action, and inflicting (1){MgcPwr} damage.|

A8: Bear Trap
Skill-Defensive-Action
Use: 10AP+5fcs
Range: 1sp
Effect: Create a Bear Trap prop within range.
Bear Trap prop: Upon entering this prop's space, the combatant makes a
Skill self-check, whereupon failure they take Bleeding {MlePwr} and take
Paralyzed (2).|

A9: Discreet Motion
Skill-Offensive-Action
Use: 3fcs
IfKO: Increase Use cost by 6fcs.
Effect: Your next action will not invoke any effects either by abilities,
tokens, or props.|

MA1:|
MA2:|
MA3:|
