Title: Void Walker|
Subtitle: A Supernatural Assassin.|
Description: The Void Walker uses a combination of deadly weapons
 and otherworldly powers to slay their targets. Aside from being strong in mid-to-long combat, they also possess an
 arsenal of unique abilities to make them both versatile and unpredictable.
    Void Walkers distinguish themselves from plain magical assassins by the mark upon
    their forehead - the mark of Enmity. Thanks to their pact, they can flash across the battlefield in instant,
    possess the minds of others, summon swarms of pestilence, and even freeze time.
    People have communed with Enmity since days of hunter-gatherers, but it wasn't
    until the turn of the millennium that men began making pacts with him. Awaking
    from restless dreams, they were equipped with wondrous and terrifying powers.
    Yet throughout all times in all places, a single constant has been observed:
    a Void Walker's tooth is always turned towards the powerful.|

VITALS
Health: 25|
Mana: 20|
Stamina: 18|
Focus: 18|

SCORES
Initiative: 12|
Carry: 5u|
Element: Dark|

STATS
Melee: (Power: 3, Evasion: 8, Accuracy: 2)|
Magic: (Power: 6, Evasion: 8, Accuracy: 0)|
Skill: (Power: 5, Evasion: 12, Accuracy: 2)|

Abilities
Doctrine: Enmity's Pact
Magic-Support-Passive
Effect: You cannot regain Health, Stamina, Mana, or Focus during combat.
Solowork: Increase you Evasion checks by 2.
Teamwork modifiers for your abilities no longer activate.
You may now attack every combatant within an action's range as if it was AoE.
"You asked for power and I've given it to you - all I ask for in return is the time
you hoped to gain with it."|

A1: Wristbow
Skill-Offensive-Item
You are granted 3x Standard Darts, 2x Needle Darts, and 2x Poison Darts.
At CL 5 you gain: +1x Needle Dart, +1x Poison Dart, and 2x Incendiary Darts.
Non-Standard Darts become Standard Darts after their first use. Roll Harvest 10 to retrieve a dart after use.
Needle Darts cannot be recovered after use; they're too fragile.
Wristbow (Type: Skill, WC: VL, Use: (2/turn), Rank: NA; Range: 3sp, Artisan 5, only uses Darts)
Standard Dart: (Rank: 3 metal)
Needle Dart: (Rank: 2, inflicts Bleeding {SklPwr})
Poison Dart: (Rank: 1; inflicts Poison (2){SklPwr})
Incendiary Dart: (Rank: 2, inflicts Burning 5)
"As their fellow guard fell to the ground, they saw the bolt embedded in his back.
When they looked behind to see who had shot it, the assassin was already gone."|

A2: Hailfire Trap
Skill-Offensive-Item
Effect: You are granted 3+{TL/10} Hailfire Traps props.
It costs 5AP to plant one of these props. They can stick to any solid surface.
A Skill 10+{Creator's SklAcc/5} check is required to spot and approach the device
without it exploding. A Skill 15 check is required to disarm the trap; rolling
5 or below causes it to explode with critical damage.
Hailfire Trap: When an enemy combatant enters the same space as this prop, it
 violently explodes, inflicting (5){SklPwr} metal damage to all combatants in
 the space.
"As if aware of the person near, the unsuspecting wad of shrapnel and putty exploded.
When the smoke cleared the mass of flesh and blood on the floor was unrecognizable,
while every other inch in the room was perforated."|

A3: Bone Rune - Agility
Magic-Support-Item
Effect: At the beginning of combat 1x Bone Rune of Agility is added to your inventory.
Bone Rune of Agility: While in your inventory, improve your Movement Action cost by (1/turn)
Agility-checks automatically succeed. You gain Disadvantage on all your Luck checks.
"An old rib bone with several strange runes carved into it.
If you listen closely, you can hear a strange hissing noise coming from it.
In exchange for improved agility and speed, the user is consigned to ill fortune."|

A4: Bone Rune - Strength
Magic-Support-Item
Solowork: Increase the rank of your unarmed attacks by 2.
Effect: At the beginning of combat 1x Bone Rune of Strength is added to your inventory.
Bone Rune of Strength: While in your inventory, improve your Melee-Power by (1){25}%.
Increase the damage you take by {MlePwr}.
"An old piece of human skull with runes carved on the inside.
Users of the rune have been known to die in terrible, bloody battles."|

A5: Conjure Pestilence
Magic-Offensive-Action
Use: 10AP+3mna
Range: 2sp
Evasion: Magic
Teamwork: Target gains Poisoned {SklPwr}
Effect: Destroy all consumable items within a combatant's inventory.
"Wounded, the guard reached into his pocket for a healing elixir - but
when he pulled the stopper, there was nothing inside but ashes..."|

A6: Constrain
Magic-Support-Action
Use: 10AP+3mna+2fcs
Range: 2+{TL/5}sp
Evasion: Magic-3
Effect: The targeted combatant's MleEva score is reduced to 0 until the end of their next turn.
"The assassin reached out a hand as if to grab the air - and suddenly the Duke was
done on his knees, seemingly bound by invisible chains."|

A7: Flash Step
Magic-Support-Action
Use: 3mna+(3/turn)
IfKO: Increase cost by 20AP.
Range: 2sp+{CL/2}
Effect: Instantly move in a straight line in any direction.
This effect cannot trigger enemy abilities.
"And in the blink of an eye, he was gone..."|

A8: Premonition
Magic-Support-Action
Teamwork: You may replace the use-cost with 5sta.
Use: 5mna
Effect: Replace your next check with a Luck 15-{CL, max 10} check (this can be stacked).
"Surrounded on all sides, the assassin was finished - but as their spears went for the kill,
none of them hit their mark. It was as if he already saw their attack before they even thought of them."|

A9: Doppelganger
Magic-Defense-Action
Use: 10AP+5mna
Range: 5sp
IfKO: Increase cost by (1/battle).
Effect: Create two Doppelganger props anywhere within range.
A Doppelganger is an animated clone of yourself. If it is attacked, it is destroyed.
Increase your Evasion scores by 3 until the start of your next turn.
If you would take damage before your next turn, negate the damage, and swap
places with the Doppelganger prop of your choice; the remaining prop are destroyed.
"I spent the whole night talking to her. But when I looked out the window I saw
a woman who looked exactly like her - her clone. When I turned back to ask about it,
the knife was already at my throat."|

MA1: Freeze Time
Magic-Offensive-Action
Cost: 15AP+10mna+(3/battle)
Effect: All other combatants are frozen in time; their Evasion scores are treated as 0.
Any of their Reaction-type abilities cannot trigger and their Passive abilities are disabled until
the end of your turn.
Any damage inflicted automatically counts as critical.
You gain an additional 20AP.
"The massacre is still a mystery - at one moment the assassin was cornered, wounded
and exhausted - but in the blink of an eye everything changed. Twenty men lay dead
and the assassin was gone for good."|

MA2: Possession
Magic-Offensive-Action
Cost: 12mna+(1/battle)
Range: 3sp
Duration: (3) full turns.
Effect: Effectively combine your combatant with the target combatant by removing your token from
the battlefield and seizing control of the target combatant.
Until the end of your turn, you have access to all of the target's abilities and actions, including
your own abilities. When the ability expires, your token is returned to the battlefield
in the same space as the targeted combatant. If the targeted combatant dies while in your possession, you die also.
"My friend returned from his bathroom break, but he was acting odd, as if he didn't recognize me or his surroundings.
Explaining he'd slipped and hit his head, I helped him inside the fort. Shortly afterwards, I heard the
assassin had gotten in and killed five men... "|

MA3: Enter the Void
Magic-Support-Action
Use: 15mna+(1/turn)
Duration: (1) full turn
Range: 3sp sphere AoE
Effect: Until the ability expires, all attack actions you execute within range
automatically hit with critical damage.
"No man can defeat a dragon - or so I naively thought. When the assassin put his hands
together, an aura of darkness surrounded him in the courtyard, encircling the dragon within.
As it raised its head to roar, the assassin swung his blade through the air - and though
they were forty feet apart, the dragon's head still fell from the base of its serpentine neck."|



